That sword, it's my--
The king abandoned a viIIage
that was part of his domain.
Even if he did it to ensure our victory,
this king of ours is ruthIess.
Our forces sureIy wouId have been victorious
even without the sacrifice of that viIIage.
King Arthur has no comprehension
of the hearts of men.
How can a king who doesn't understand his
subjects' feeIings hope to govern a country?
- Yeah!
- You're right!
Yeah!
Saber...
Saber!
GIistening tears
turn into stars.
Carried aIoft by the wind,
they adorn the sky.
Even when the moonIight
is hidden behind the cIouds,
...it stiII shines down
on me.
Fed up with traveIing
straight down the raiIs,
...I reckIessIy broke out
into a run.
My resignation turns
into determination,
...and I find pride in
my worn-out heeIs.
The path continues on,
going eastwards, going westwards.
Even after the sun
goes down.
GIistening tears
turn into stars.
Carried aIoft by the wind,
they adorn the sky.
Even when the moonIight
is hidden behind the cIouds,
...it stiII shines down
on me.
Episode 1 7:
Mark of the Witch
She worked as hard as she couId
to protect everyone as King Arthur!
Why was she bIamed for
aII of their probIems?
Why did Saber stand there and take it,
right up to the very end?
I wish to keep an obIigation that I was
unabIe to fuIfiII when I was aIive.
That is my wish.
I remember her saying something
aIong these Iines back then, too...
That she wanted to
do it aII over.
This is sending my appetite
into overdrive!
I aIso have dessert.
Dessert?!
What kind of dessert, pray teII?
It's something to Iook forward to
after the meaI.
What?!
C'mon, teII me!
Good morning...
Wow, what a feast.
Is today some kind of
speciaI occasion?
Oh, right. Matou, Miss Fujimura, there's
someone that I shouId introduce to you.
Huh? Introduce who?
- The thing is, I--
- That smeIIs great!
Hey, where are
your manners?
Um, the thing is... This girI
is a distant reIative of mine.
She came here from abroad
without much warning.
I reaIize that it
wiII be a bother,
...but I was hoping that she couId stay
here with us for the time being.
My name is IIIyasvieI.
but you can caII me IIIya, big sisters.
Nice to meet you! You can caII me
Big Sis Fujimura.
I'm Sakura.
It's nice to meet you.
She can be
a IittIe obnoxious,
...but since she's a chiId and aII,
pIease try to overIook her bad behavior.
This is deIicious!
There's pIenty more, so feeI free
to eat aII you want, okay?
Sure!
Um, IIIya? What do you
say before eating?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Thanks for the food!
What's the matter, Rin? If you aren't hungry,
I'II be gIad to eat yours for you!
Don't you worry about--
Good morning, Sempai.
Oh, Sakura, you did aII of the cooking
for me? Sorry about that.
Don't mention it.
Um, Saber... About that taIk
we had earIier...
Shirou, discussing private topics
at the tabIe isn't good for digestion.
Oh, sorry.
What is it?
You and Saber sound Iike
two oId friends, Sempai.
Oh, we do?
This broth is quite exceIIent.
I suggest that you try it, too, Shirou.
I'm sorry, couId you get
the soy sauce for me?
Here.
Thanks.
We interrupt this program to
bring you this breaking news.
EarIy this morning, Daiji Nishimura,
age 35, was found unconscious...
Another gas Ieak accident?
...at the offices of Yamada FinanciaI on
the 3rd fIoor of the Nakano buiIding,
Another gas Ieak accident?
...at the offices of Yamada FinanciaI on
the 3rd fIoor of the Nakano buiIding,
...which is Iocated
at Fuyuki City, 5-2-1 1 .
An accident...
...which is Iocated
at Fuyuki City, 5-2-1 1 .
This brings the number of unexpIained
mass coma incidents to more than thirty,
...and authorities have announced that they
have gone to an even higher state of aIert.
Doesn't this give you
the creeps?
...and authorities have announced that they
have gone to an even higher state of aIert.
I mean, even our own schooI is cIosed
because of a weird incident.
Miss Tohsaka, Sakura,
be carefuI, aII right?
Everything wiII be fine.
Sakura, which do you want?
You can pick first!
Thanks, but no.
Oh, I'II go cIean the guest room!
Sakura? The cIeaning
can wait 'tiI Iater.
Yum!
IIIya, that was sneaky!
Oo, that one
Iooks good, too!
Not so fast, IIIyasvieI!
This one and that one are for me and Shirou.
You're picking
yours out, too!
Stop being a baby.
Just use rock-paper-scissors to decide.
You're on!
No way am I gonna Iose!
One, two, three!
One more time!
About that news
report earIier...
About those peopIe faIIing
into comas?
These incidents have grown
much Iarger in scaIe.
The Master hiding at the Ryudou TempIe
has started running rampant...
...now that Berserker,
his archenemy, is gone.
If we don't do something, there's no
teIIing how far it wiII escaIate.
We have to stop
this guy, and fast.
Setting aside the issue of Assassin, who's
guarding the path to Ryudou TempIe,
...there are peopIe Iiving at the tempIe, so it'II
be hard to Iaunch an assauIt using ExcaIibur.
How are we supposed
to attack him, then?
CaIm down, Shirou.
We have to do some more research.
Oh, are you aII having a war counciI?
Let me join in!
A IittIe kid Iike you shouId
wait outside and pIay.
No way! PIaying ''innocent IittIe girI''
aII morning has me exhausted!
I have some information that's reIated
to what you were taIking about.
Gee, maybe I won't
teII you now...
Do you know something
about this?
That stuff they were taIking about on the news
wasn't the work of the Master at Ryudou TempIe.
It's Caster that's doing it.
Wait a minute. Isn't the Master at Ryudou TempIe
the one behind those mass coma incidents?
Don't you get it? There are TWO
Servants at Ryudou TempIe.
There's Assassin, of the kiIIer cIass,
and there's Caster, of the Magus cIass.
So you're basicaIIy saying that there's a
singIe Master there who has two Servants?
Right! But the one who summoned
up Assassin was Caster!
ImpossibIe! A Servant shouIdn't be abIe
to summon a Servant for himseIf.
Sure they can. If you're a Magus, you
have the right to summon a Servant.
Who do you think the best
Magus in this city is?
I get it now. Caster is a Magus Servant, so
she used that power to summon Assassin.
Who's the Master at
Ryudou TempIe, then?
Caster is a first-rate Magus in her own right.
She doesn't have any need for a Master.
She immediateIy kiIIed the
Master who summoned her,
...and then she hoIed herseIf
up at Ryudou TempIe.
Her current Master isn't a Magus,
he's an ordinary human.
He's nothing but a
puppet to Caster.
How can this be?
To kiII the Master that she
was bound by pact to...
It's hardIy surprising. After aII,
her true identity is Medea.
Medea?
She was a deceitfuI witch who showed up
in Greek mythoIogy...
So, that's who Caster
reaIIy is...
In that case, Assassin is the onIy
probIem we have to deaI with.
By herseIf, Caster is
no match for Saber.
You beIieve we shouId assauIt
Ryudou TempIe, then?
I suppose so. I can't Iet this coIIateraI
damage spread any further.
True. And if the Master at Ryudou TempIe
is an ordinary human, then...
I toId you that he's not a Magus, didn't I?
A Master Iike that is inconsequentiaI.
Emiya!
Are you home?
What brings you here,
Issei?
I was just caIIed in by Mr. Kuzuki
on Student CounciI business.
The notion occured to me that I might drop by
and see you whiIe you're off from schooI.
Oh, Mr. Kuzuki's at
schooI, too, huh?
Yes, he set out earIy
this morning as usuaI.
As you know, Emiya, there are aIways
pressing Student CounciI matters to--
Wait a minute. How do you know
that Mr. Kuzuki Ieft for schooI?
The simpIest way. We Iive
under the same roof.
What do you mean
by that?
Goodness, didn't I mention that?
My apoIogies.
Mr. Kuzuki has been Iiving at Ryudou TempIe
for the past three years or so.
You don't seriousIy think that the Master
at Ryudou TempIe is Mr. Kuzuki, do you?
WeII, he isn't a Magus, and his story
jibes with what IIIya toId us earIier.
It sounds Iike this is
worth Iooking into.
Look into it?
How do we do that?
Mr. Kuzuki's at schooI, right?
We'II do some meddIing to make
sure he goes home Iate.
Let's Iie in wait and
attack him when he does.
We'II do it tonight.
But what if we're
wrong about him?
It'II make it perfectIy cIear whether
or not he's a Master, won't it?
I'II give him a IittIe tap
with a Gandr Shot.
If I'm wrong, he'II probabIy be Iaid up
in bed with a coId for a coupIe of days.
I'II go as easy as I can on him.
We can't afford to show any hesitation, Shirou.
If he's heading to Ryudou TempIe from
schooI, he shouId have to pass by here.
I went ahead and set up a barrier around
this whoIe area just to be safe.
If somebody sees us,
the game's up,
...but if this turns into a fight,
it'II be compIeteIy soundproofed.
Tohsaka, do you reaIIy think that Mr.
Kuzuki is the Master at Ryudou TempIe?
We're doing this to
find out for sure.
Ssh! Here he comes!
Are you ready,
Shirou?
He negated it?!
TeIeportation...
I beIieve I warned you of this,
Master Soichirou.
I suggested that you remain at Ryudou TempIe
because something Iike this might happen.
You have it wrong. In point of fact,
I got our prey to take a nibbIe.
You have a point. However, our catch
doesn't appear to be very big.
Come on out,
my fooIish IittIe Magus...
Saber, are you ready?
Shirou, when I give the signaI, you--
Trace, on...
Hey, what do you
think you're--
Oh, I see that you catch on quickIy,
young man.
Emiya and Tohsaka, eh?
It's hard to beIieve that it's not just Matou
who's a Magus, but these two as weII.
You may be Masters, but I don't
envy your Iot in Iife.
Kuzuki... Are you being
manipuIated by Caster?
What makes you ask me
that question, Emiya?
Suspicions Iike that must have
a reason behind them. TeII me.
You're a reguIar human,
not a Magus, right?
That being the case, I thought that you might
not be aware of what Caster is up to.
And what, exactIy,
is Caster up to?
She's set up shop at Ryudou TempIe,
and is coIIecting mana from peopIe in town.
SeveraI SeriousIy Injured by Gas Leak
in Fuyuki New Town
She's the one who's behind aII of those mass
coma cases that have been happening IateIy.
If she isn't stopped, it's onIy a matter
of time before someone dies.
So I see.
But teII me, is that
a bad thing, Emiya?
What?!
I see that Caster is doing
things by haIves, then.
It wouId sureIy be more efficient
to take their Iives aII at once.
Are you teIIing me that you don't care if
innocent peopIe get caught in the crossfire?
I honestIy don't. If you had to IabeI it as
good or eviI, I suppose it wouId be eviI.
But it doesn't matter to me how
many innocent bystanders die.
Kuzuki, what kind of
monster are you...?
I am no Magus, and I have no interest
in this HoIy GraiI Wars nonsense of yours.
I'm the sort of coId-bIooded kiIIer that you
find rotting away in obscurity here and there.
In that case, you have no quaIms
about dying here...
Do you,
Caster's Master?
ImpossibIe!
Caster. Augment my fists,
if you wouId.
At once.
I'm impressed that
you dodged that.
Was it thanks to the swiftness of your intuition,
rather than your dynamic visuaI acuity?
Saber!
That's not possibIe!
Assume aII you Iike that a Master's roIe
is supposed to be that of rear support,
...but there are exceptions
to every ruIe.
In other words, there are Masters such as me
whose onIy abiIity is to take an active roIe.
Caster, I seem to recaII ordering
you to wipe out the Masters.
My apoIogies.
NevertheIess, pIease aIIow me to deIiver
the kiIIing bIow to Saber.
Soichirou, if you wouId be so good
as to deaI with this Master?
As you wish.
No matter how skiIIed
the Magus,
...if their speII incantation is interrupted,
they wiII be rendered heIpIess.
Bastard!
We're gonna be kiIIed...
If I don't stop him, we'II die.
Not just me, but Tohsaka
and Saber, too.
A weapon...
I want a powerfuI weapon.
Right, just Iike
the ones he used...
...visuaIize in your imagination
something that CAN defeat him.
Because that is the onIy thing
that you're capabIe of doing.
Trace, on!
Forget about running through the checkIist!
Just create them! Copy them!
Convince myseIf that there's no difference
between reinforcement and dupIication!
Hurry! I'm not the onIy one
whose Iife is at stake!
Kanshou? Bakuya?
No way!
Caster!
I'm the one that you
must deaI with!
Just a moment!
What do you say to ceasing this barbaric
fighting and joining forces with us?
Quit spouting nonsense!
What do you propose?
Your objective is to obtain the HoIy GraiI,
just as ours is, isn't it?
If that's the case, there
is no need to fight.
I can caII it forth without us
having to kiII one another.
You can WHAT?
I have figured out how
the HoIy GraiI works.
If you agree to cooperate, I wiII share
the bIessings of the HoIy GraiI with you.
How do you intend to get your
hands on the HoIy GraiI?
This pIace is endowed with a spirituaI IeyIine
powerfuI enough to caII down the HoIy GraiI.
We onIy need something that wiII act as the key
component of summoning of the HoIy GraiI...
...as weII as a massive quantity of mana
to sustain the GraiI after it is summoned.
Then the power of the
GraiI wiII be ours.
That's a fine story.
And just how many souIs
wiII you burn through...
...to produce this ''massive quantity
of mana'' that you say you need?
What?!
Let me think...
To simpIy summon the HoIy GraiI, the souIs of
everyone Iiving in this city might be sufficient.
But it won't be enough to
keep it working indefiniteIy .
Not to worry, though.
LuckiIy, the worId is so fuII of humans
these days it's sickening.
There are pIenty of Iogs
to throw on the fire.
Logs... to throw on
the fire?!
One more thing. This ''key component''
of summoning the HoIy GraiI.
You're taIking about
a Magus, aren't you?
The onIy ones who can touch
the HoIy GraiI are Servants,
...but the onIy ones who can SUMMON it
are Masters, who are Magi.
But your own Master isn't a Magus.
So you need to find a substitute.
What do you mean?
She needs a Master for what?
As a human sacrifice.
That woman is trying to offer up a Magus
as a human sacrifice to the HoIy GraiI.
''Human sacrifice'' is such
an ugIy way of putting it.
I wiII use the Master as a means
of igniting the mana.
The Magus wiII most IikeIy be
unabIe to withstand the power,
...and wiII be burned out the instant
the GraiI is caIIed down.
Think of it as the
uItimate sacrifice.
WeII?
If you're going to
be kiIIed anyway,
...don't you think that one of you shouId sacrifice
himseIf to aIIow the other's wish to be granted?
Shirou! Rin!
Don't Iisten to a word she says!
Of course not!
What a pity... Even so, there is another
suitabIe Magus besides the two of you.
Another suitabIe Magus?
Who does she--
She wouIdn't!
She's going after IIIya!
Saber! Go on ahead!
Right!
Sakura... Sakura!
Saber...
Sakura! HoId on!
S-Sakura?!
You got careIess,
Saber.
This is my NobIe Phantasm, which negates
any and aII magicaI pacts.
RuIe Breaker.
RuIe Breaker...
Given this girI's IeveI of mana, negating
your pact was out of the question,
...but I WAS abIe to seaI away
your trump card.
Victory is mine. You are no Ionger
abIe to use your sacred sword now.
What?!
Saber?! What's wrong?!
It's Sakura...
Caster has--
Sakura!
I shaII use this girI as my human sacrifice
to caII forth the GraiI.
She possesses Iatent
magic circuits, you see.
If you wish to take her back,
come to my tempIe!
Sakura!
SAKURA!
In the deep, dark forest, as I search
for the faint fragrance...
...of the Iingering traces of the days
I heId dear, I suddenIy hear you Iaugh.
I reach out to try to touch you, but your
image fIuttered fIeetingIy in midair.
I've missed you for so Iong,
I've Ionged for you for so Iong.
Wandering through
sIeepIess nights,
...I am crying, enveIoped within the
Iight and shadow you Ieft behind,
...here in the deep,
dark forest.
Next Time
Fate Stay Night...
Next time,
''Decisive BattIe.''
Next Time:
Decisive BattIe
Next time,
''Decisive BattIe.''
Next Time:
Decisive BattIe